The solution is obviously JPA.
It removes a lot of the boilerplate code,
helps developers build objects and bridge that gap between our
relational database and our object‑oriented code,
Spring will handle all of our configuration and our
transactions behind the scene,
our code can just focus on testing and testability if we want to, we're
not going to cover a lot of testing in this course,
but we'll show you how some of it works just so you've seen
it and you'll understand how you can build your code so that
it's more easily unit tested.
Transactions are also transparent to the developer,
so when your code stops and starts a transaction,
and now it's not just muddled throughout your code,
you can just write your code how you normally would
and apply transactions to it.
You also get the option to do annotation‑based development,
and for me this is a big one because development is a lot
faster and a lot easier using annotations.
As we go through our samples, you'll see us generate tables in the database and
you'll be amazed at how easy it is to generate a data model.
So, now I talked before about the business focus,
let's look at that example again.
Here's our JDBC example that we had before and all
the problems that it has with it.
Using JPA and Spring, all of this code ends up turning into this
method here where I say I want to get a car by its Id,
and literally that's all the code for it.
I'm still going to have my car object, just like I had to have on the other side,
but this is all I need to do to execute this query.
It handles the transactions,
it handles all the JDBC or SQL associated with it, and then
we'll see as we go through these examples how it just wraps
this all up into our object for us,
but look at how much simpler this code is and our focus is just on getting back what the business needs.